Toolbar should respect show avatars setting in wp (#1845)
wpengine/faustjs: .changeset/smooth-dogs-cough.md

---
"@faustwp/core": patch
---

> Toolbar should respect show avatars setting in wp

Reviewer: Suggestion for changeset. We probably also need to indicate that WPGraphQL version 1.xx is required (don't know version yet, but I asked Jason).

```suggestion
Faust Toolbar will now respect the Show Avatars setting in WordPress.
```

> Faust Toolbar will now respect the Show Avatars setting in WordPress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Faust Toolbar will now respect the Show Avatars setting in WordPress. Requires WPGraphQL version 1.22.1 or higher.
```
